Basic Questions:

What are the tasks for Alice?
What is Bob’s task?
What tasks are pending?
Who is working on the "Complete project report" task?
What is the status of "Prepare AI workshop slides"?
When is "Fix model accuracy issue" scheduled?
Which task is assigned to Emma?
Who is assigned to the task with ID 7?
Which tasks are marked as "completed"?
What is the status of the task with ID 8?
Who is working on the "Optimize SQL queries" task?

Intermediate Questions:

How many tasks are pending?
Which tasks are marked as "to do"?
How many tasks are assigned to Henry?
What tasks are in progress?
-->Show all tasks which created after February 10th.
What is the most recent task in the database?
List all tasks assigned to Emma.
How many tasks have been completed?
What tasks are assigned to Frank?
What tasks are assigned to Kelly and have a status of "pending"?

Advanced Questions:

How many tasks are in each status category (pending, completed, to do, in progress)?
Show me all tasks scheduled after February 10th.
What are the names of the people assigned to tasks with a status of "inprogress"?
What tasks are assigned to Frank and Emma, and are marked as "pending"?
Show all tasks that have the word "documentation" in the name.
Which user has the most number of pending tasks?
Show all tasks that were scheduled between February 1st and February 15th.
What is the average priority of all tasks assigned to Emma, and their status?
What are all the tasks that have been completed by a user with a priority of 5 or greater?
How many tasks were completed in the first 10 days of February?
Show tasks with a priority of 6 that are either "inprogress" or "pending".
Which task was scheduled first, and what is its status?

Complex Questions:

Which user has the most tasks assigned in total, and what is their average task priority?
How many tasks with priority 5 have been completed before February 15th?
Show all tasks for users with priority greater than 4 and status "inprogress" or "pending".
List all users who have tasks that are scheduled after February 10th and are "pending".
Show me the details of the task that has the earliest due date but has not been completed yet.
Count the number of tasks for each user and their respective statuses.
Find all tasks that are assigned to the user with the most "to do" tasks.

Contextual and Scenario-based Questions:

Which tasks were assigned after Emma joined the team?
What tasks are pending after February 15th?
List all tasks that have "API" in their description and their current status.
Which tasks have a higher priority but have not yet been marked "completed"?
What tasks assigned to Nathan have not been started yet?





Asked questions:

How many tasks are there by each different status?
how many distinct tasks are there?
Show all tasks assigned to '6571e715e5d066d39dd01ae6'
Find all tasks with status "To Do"
How many tasks are there which status marked as 'To Do'?
list all the task of 'Shiv Joshi' which status marked as 'In Progress'
List out the employee whose last name is 'Joshi'
List out the employee whose name contains 'Dhru'
Count of tasks which are created in 2023.
List out all tasks those are created on 21 feb 2025
Total tasks which are created on 21 feb 2025.
Give me all the tasks that are created on 20 December 2024 and having status as ‘In Progress’.
Count of all tasks that having ‘MEDIUM’ task priority.
Find the employee’s name whose _id is ‘6571e71590622593f7e24f23’.
List out tasks which are under project ID ‘6571e7195470e64b120328d5’.
Find the task leader for following task name ‘Add Steps in the Question Preview’.
Please provide list of tasks which are comes under ‘Development’ sprint.
Total count of tasks which are comes under ‘Development’ sprint.
Group by all tasks count by each sprints’ foldernames .
Provide top 5 sprint’s foldername that having maximum tasks created.
list out all the tasks which are associated with 'Alian Hr module' project.
list out all the projects that are led by the leader id 'Rashesh Makwana'.
list out all the projects that are led by the leader id '6571e715e5d066d39dd01ae2'.
Which project category does 'Ahmad Yousuf - Hr- Expert Web developer for Shopify' belong to?
how many tasks were created from 21 feb 2025 to 28 feb 2025?
Show all tasks in the 'Development' sprint folder that were created after February 15, 2025.
Retrieve tasks under the project 'Ahmad Yousuf - Hr- Expert Web developer for Shopify' that have a high priority and were created this month.
Retrieve tasks under the project 'Alian Hub Design & Development' that have a 'MEDIUM' priority and status is 'in progress'